Clarify TIP-1035 helper activation semantics (#4035)
tempoxyz/tempo: tips/tip-1035.md

Integrators with non-upgradeable flows who want compatibility across potential future list changes SHOULD query `AddressRegistry.isImplicitlyApproved(spender)` to branch on the current protocol state and determine whether the precompile path will skip approvals.

## Compatibility

> After TIP-1035 activation, pre-existing AccountKeychains that have not expired and either have sufficient spending limits or no spending limits may allow listed precompile flows to succeed without a prior token approval. Before activation, those flows could fail because approvals were not granted or because the approval did not cover the scoped call being attempted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After TIP-1035 activation, pre-existing AccountKeychains that have not expired and either have sufficient spending limits or no spending limits may spend via precompiles with implicit approvals. Prior to activation, attempts would have failed due to insufficient approval.
```
